                  Gribnif Software's Desktop Notes Online

                          Issue VI, Summer 1995



[Note: This document does not accurately reflect the version numbers

or features of all our products. Please refer to

http://www.pair.com/gribnif for more up-to-date information]





In This Issue

-------------



        Welcome!                       

        We've Moved... Again!          Gribnif Utilities Disk

        About Our Patch Disks          STalker 3.05     

        Geneva Release 004             STeno 2.12       

        GenevaRun                      CardFile 4.06

        The Geneva Utilities Disk      Interface

        NeoDesk 4 Release 003          Name the Gribnif Contest Results

        NeoDesk 4 Icon Disk            

        



Welcome!

--------



Welcome to another edition of Desktop Notes. It's been a while since we

last sent out one of these, but a lot has changed. This time around, we've

got new versions of our most popular programs, as well as some new

utilities and a great program launcher for Geneva. Unlike previous

newsletters, we are sending this one out right as the programs are ready to

ship, not in advance, so you can order things right away and not have to

wait.



I would also like to thank Yanick Dufresne and Al Fasoldt for helping out

with the newsletter. Without them, it would have taken a lot longer to get

this done.





We've Moved... Again!

---------------------



As a result, our phone numbers have changed. The old numbers will continue

to work for a few months, but it will be easier if you start using these

new ones right now:



  Phone: (413) 532-2434

  Fax:   (413) 532-2540



Our address stays the same:



  PO Box 779

  Northampton, MA 01061-0779



You can also reach us from the Internet: gribnif@pair.com





About Our Patch Disks

---------------------



A patch disk contains a program you can run yourself, which modifies your

original program disk and updates its contents to a newer version.



The advantage is that you don't need to send the disk back to us, we just

send you the patch program. The disadvantage is that if the contents of

your master disk have changed, the patch program may not work. If this

happens, you can send the disk back to us for the update.



This time around, all of the very newest versions of our products are

provided as patch programs, for which we charge just $5. We also make patch

programs available online, so you can download them.



Whether you order them from us or pay an online service for the download

time, the patches will cost about the same. The difference to us, however,

is significant. Selling the patch disks helps us recover our costs and

allows us to keep our mailing list current. We realize that users outside

North America and those who don't get our newsletter need an alternate way

of getting the patches, so that's why we make them available online.



We've kept the cost of the patches low and have made the upgrades as

hassle-free as possible. (We're not asking you to send back your original

disks, for example.) We'll send out your patch disk in the next day's mail,

and you can still send your original disk back to us for repair if anything

goes wrong. We hope you will think that $5 is a fair price to pay for this

convenience.





Geneva Release 004

------------------  by Dan Wilga



[Note: At the time this file was re-edited, Geneva was at release 005]



When I finished the last version of Geneva on New Years Eve of 1993, I

intended to release another version in a few months, soon after NeoDesk 4

was done.



Well, as you probably know, NeoDesk 4 took a bit longer than anticipated.

In the meantime, I kept getting a lot of comments about new features and

things that needed to be changed in Geneva. The list grew, and grew.



At the same time, it became obvious that I would need to do another version

of NeoDesk 4. Rather than put out two separate newsletters to announce the

new versions of the two programs, it made a lot more sense to wait until

they were both done and send one big newsletter. This also gave the beta

testers a lot more time to try both programs before they got released.



In case you haven't heard of Geneva before, let me tell you a little bit

about it. Geneva is a Multitasking Application Environment (Multitasking

AES) that allows any Atari to multitask unlimited GEM applications and load

and unload unlimited desk accessories, depending only upon free memory.



It offers many other features, including the ability to put programs and

accessories to "sleep" (so they won't consume system time), tear-off menus

(into their own windows), 3D buttons, keyboard menu control, animated mouse

shapes, an enhanced file selector, and a complete Task Manager to control

the environment.



In its default mode, Geneva uses the same concept of "cooperative

multitasking" that Atari's GEM has always used. This means that the small

system slowdown you might experience is directly proportional to the number

and complexity of the applications you are running. It also means that

Geneva is much more compatible with older applications than other

multitasking environments.



At long last, we are ready to ship the new version of Geneva, release 004.

Among the more than 200 changes I've made to the program are these:



  - Eric Smith's MiNT kernel can be used, to provide true preemptive

  multitasking, while also allowing alternate filesystems, pipes, etc.



  - Text in dialog buttons and window gadgets can have a shadowed

  appearance, to make it more readable.



  - There is a new "Optimize window redraws" program flag, and

  miscellaneous options for preserving the mouse and system color palette

  when switching between applications.



  - There are new keyboard equivalents for iconification, cut/paste in a

  dialog's editable fields, and resetting the mouse pointer.



  - Any dialog without editable fields can respond to just the keyboard

  equivalents, without Alternate being held.



  - Some applications which previously would not work in multitasking mode

  because they displayed a dialog without locking the menu bar first now

  work.



  - A new command has been added to the GEM.CNF file, "runacc". It allows a

  desk accessory to be loaded but not opened.



  - Geneva's item selector has many improvements, as well:

    o  The "EXT" list includes a new entry which, when chosen, changes the

       template back to the value it had when the item selector first opened.

    o  Read-only files appear with a checkmark in front of their names.

       This attribute can also be changed in Info.

    o  Sort by Date now sorts files that were created on the same day, but

       at different times, correctly.

    o  The date and time of a file being copied are preserved.



Among the many errors that have been corrected in the main program are:



  - Putting the topmost application to sleep will always return to its

  parent, not the next open application.



  - Switching applications from the Applications tear-away menu will not

  mess up the locations of menu bars.



  - Memory allocation is more efficient.



  - True Type fonts can be used with NVDI 3 and Speedo 5.



  - Switching between single-tasking applications will no longer sometimes

  result in a blank menu bar.



  - If all applications except for the current one are asleep, then

  quitting it will no longer cause a lockup.



  - Running a single-tasking application from GEM.CNF with the "runsleep"

  command now works correctly.



  - Using a Falcon with a non-VGA monitor (like the SC1224) reboots into

  the correct resolution now.



Changes in the Task Manager



  - Program flags are now more obviously broken up into Temporary and

  Permanent sets.



  - There are new options for setting the colors of all window gadgets, and

  even the style and color of disabled menu entries in pulldown menus.



  - The positions of the main Tasks window and all dialogs in the Task

  Manager can be saved.



Changes in Geneva TOS



  - All Speedo GDOS & True Type fonts (not just the first 16) can be used.



  - The Quit menu entry can be chosen while a TOS program is running.



  - You can now access windows/menu bars whenever a TOS program run by

  Geneva TOS is waiting for any type of keyboard input, not just some

  types.



  - Geneva TOS can be passed commandline parameters including redirection.



  - The "Press any key" message when a TOS program exits can be turned off.



  - The speed of text output has been improved.



  - The problem that caused a crash whenever any program was run by Geneva

  TOS on a Falcon has been fixed.



Changes in Geneva Help



  - All Speedo GDOS & True Type fonts (not just the first 16) can be used.



  - When going backward to the previous screen, the window is returned to

  the slider positions it previously had.



  - Underlined keywords are now drawn in a different color, to make them

  more visible.



  - A number of graphics functions have been added. With these, help text

  can include buttons, lines, boxes, and graphic images.



  - The help compiler can automatically generate cross-references to other

  screens.



So, as you can see, there are some very significant changes in this

version. And considering the price to update, there's no reason not to do

it right away. It's all yours for just $5! If you haven't seen Geneva

before, there is even a demo version you can order.





GenevaRun

---------  by Yanick Dufresne



Although Geneva and NeoDesk 4 are extremely efficient, smaller systems

might run short of memory when trying to run both of them and multitask

several other programs at the same time.



GenevaRun is a RAM-efficient multitasking program launcher for Geneva.  In

keeping with all Gribnif products, I've designed it for complete

integration into your system. It uses the same group file format as NeoDesk

4 to store user-defined long filenames and the actual path to any

application, group, or data file.



Those who own NeoDesk can use it to create and modify the groups. This

allows you to have a two-way system, using GenevaRun when you run those

RAM-hungry applications, and having a NeoDesk setup for your file

management tasks the rest of the time.



GenevaRun can even be configured to start automatically by using the

GEM.CNF file.



Here are some of the features I've incorporated into the program:



  - Fully windowed interface: Each group file is contained in its own

  window, listing the items in a column of text. Launching a program is as

  easy as double-clicking on an entry in the list, or pressing a keyboard

  equivalent.



  - Automatic datafile passing: This is similar to the way Install

  Application works in NeoDesk. You can open a document or other program

  data file and have the application launched with the file  already loaded

  into memory.



  - Real-time scrolling of the lists.



  - Up to 256 groups can be open at once.



  - Up to 65,536 items in each group.



  - Groups can contain groups, even in loops.



  - Supports the AV protocol for opening group files, adding items and

  opening a shell window to an item's path. With NeoDesk as the server, the

  the item will be selected for you.



GenevaRun is Shareware. The unregistered version is distributed freely with

Geneva release 004. You can register your copy with Gribnif for $15. Some

features are not accessible until you register.





The Geneva Utilities Disk

-------------------------  by Yanick Dufresne



Did you ever wish for a well written windowed file displayer? Would you

like to automate some tasks in your favorite program, but it does not have

a built-in macro recorder? Are you tired of the boring green desktop?



Gribnif Software has a surprise for you! We are proud to present the Geneva

Utilities Disk. The package includes Geneva View, Geneva Desk and Geneva

Macros.



Geneva View



Geneva View is a simple, efficient, text file displayer. It features all of

the usual characteristics you have come to expect from our products.  It

has a modern windowed interface, similar to the Geneva Help Viewer.  You

can display files in any installed GDOS font you like, and even show them

as a hexadecimal dump. Simple and effective!



Geneva Desk



If you ever got tired of the dull green desktop you get when you run

without NeoDesk or when you run single-tasking applications, you'll love

Geneva Desk. It allows you to choose any color and pattern combination for

your background. If you do run with NeoDesk, you can use the same desktop

as Neo's, including the pictures and the Desktop Notes! Geneva Desk will

also replace the desktop of any application that doesn't provide its own.

This little accessory is a real must!



Geneva Macros



Now, the serious stuff. The Geneva Macro recorder is a full-blown macro

utility, with timer, button, mouse and keyboard event recording. You can

record macros of virtually any number of events, and play them back with a

simple keypress. You can also edit the individual steps that comprise a

macro, using the full cut & paste interface.



Geneva Macros can also be set to look for a specific macro set for every

application you run, dynamically changing when you switch between

applications. Once you've tasted the power of macros, you won't be able to

live without them! This is an absolute essential for any serious Geneva

user.



The Geneva Utilities Disk sells for $15 and includes disk-based

documentation, in printable form and in Geneva Help files.



[Version 2 of Geneva Macros is now available for the same price. It

includes autostart and repeated macro execution, as well as support for

popup message windows and sounds.]





NeoDesk 4 Release 003

---------------------  by Dan Wilga



[Note: At the time this file was re-edited, NeoDesk was at release 005]



To go with the new Geneva I talked about earlier, there is also a new

version of NeoDesk 4. Not only did I manage to correct all of the problems

I knew about, I also added a few new goodies:



  - You can now assign any number of custom icons to individual disk

  drives. This way, your CD-ROM drive can have a different icon from your

  Hard Disk and RAM Disk.



  - The program loads a bit faster, in general. On a stock ST, it's about a

  one second difference.



  - The Window Colors and Button Colors dialogs have new options for a

  shadowed text effect. This makes the text more legible on monochrome

  systems.



  - When creating a new folder, there is an option to have the window

  automatically open the new folder.



  - The Floppy Formatting dialog has a new option for the cluster size.

  Also, the size, in bytes, of the format you have chosen is displayed.



  - NeoDesk uses the XACC protocol and can act as an AV Server, to allow

  drag and drop between it and other applications which also use this

  protocol.



  - If you have the program Kobold, NeoDesk can automatically tell it to

  copy and delete files.



  - A number separator can be specified, to give a more pleasant appearance

  to large numbers, like 123,456.



  - The picture viewer and desktop picture can be set to expand or shrink a

  picture so that it fills the entire screen. A picture's aspect ratio can

  also be corrected for the current video mode.



  - The Control Panel's corner clock can now work in some of the Falcon's

  non-ST video modes. It also works with all of the video modes on the

  Crazy Dots graphics card.



  - The Memory dialog now displays the total RAM in your system, not just

  the free RAM.



  - The Program Info File dialog has a new option for the speed of the

  CaTTamaran CPU accelerator. Another new option allows you to run the

  program in single-tasking mode when using Geneva 004 (or newer) or MagiC

  2.0.



  - Install Application now uses a free-form wildcard to define the

  document extensions. Now, you can have more than two extensions per

  application.



  - Repeatable scrolling is faster when the mouse is held on one of the

  up/down window gadgets.



  - You can define a keystroke to open an item in a group. When the correct

  keys are pressed on the keyboard, the item in the group is opened.



  - NEOLOAD's bomb trap can now redirect its output to the printer, and

  contains more information than before.



  - The icon editor's Image menu has two new options, Double Height and

  Half Height. These are useful when converting icons to or from ST Medium

  resolution.



Of course, there were also some bugs that needed to be fixed. Some of the

more important ones are:



  - The speed of background printing with NEOQUEUE and/or SPOOLxxx has been

  improved. There is also now a way to flush the spooler of its contents.



  - The Recoverable Trashcan will no longer sometimes crash after deleting

  or undeleting files. A few other fixes were made, as well.



  - When a group window is on top, its attributes will no longer be

  inherited by any new directory windows that are opened. Furthermore,

  opening a group window no longer affects the position of the next

  directory window to open.



  - When not using Geneva, some cases where closing dialogs would not

  redraw the area underneath have been fixed.



  - The icon editor does a much better job of freeing memory when you quit

  it or close a file.



  - Having several filename conflicts during a copy will no longer cause a

  crash.



  - The Window Colors and Button Colors dialogs will not crash if called

  more than once in the same session.



  - The Window Colors dialog will now set the colors of the gadgets in the

  window lower split to be the same as those in the upper one.



  - Having NeoDesk come up "in a window", as set in the default INF file,

  works correctly. Having one or more windows open by default also works.



  - When not using Geneva, running a program while 4 or more windows are

  open will not cause a lockup.



  - Renaming the original file during a copy/move name conflict works

  again.



  - Creating a 4-color icon from a 2-color one works again.



  - Copying multiple icons within the same NIC window will not sometimes

  crash.



Of course, there are a lot more things that have changed. Just as with the

Geneva update, you can get this new version for $5, and you don't even have

to send your disk in. Enjoy it!





NeoDesk 4 Icon Disk

-------------------  by Dan Wilga



One really great addition to NeoDesk 4 is this icon disk. It contains

nearly 300 icons, already separated into categories.



These are not lots of the same useless images that are completely

irrelevant to the Atari. We sorted through about 10,000 icons to find the

ones that are useful on the Atari and then we hand-modified them, so that

many now include separate selected images and different numbers of colors.



Also included on the disk are some multicolored images that can be used as

a tiled desktop picture with NeoDesk 4.



We also still carry the NeoDesk 3 icon disk, which contains over 700 icons.

These are all monochrome icons, without selected images.



Either way you go, these icon disks can be real time savers.





Gribnif Utilities Disk

----------------------  by Dan Wilga and Al Fasoldt



There have been some recent changes and additions to the Utilities Disk.

Even if you already have an older copy, you may want to get another one,

just for these enhancements.



World Clock



Gribnif Software has customers all over the globe, but programmer Dan Wilga

had a problem managing dealer and customer contacts in far-flung places:

How could he find out precisely what time it was in any location so he

would not end up calling someone in the middle of the night? A high-tech

watch was out of the question for an expert at computer code, so he came up

with the Gribnif World Clock -- a dazzlingly clever graphical display of

the globe that can pop up the time and date in any preset location.



To make it even easier, the World Clock can be configured to show time

zones in all locations, too -- just the thing if you merely want to check

the local time in parts of Europe, for example.



The world map is based on the most accurate projection available.  Because

it is stored as a GEM metafile -- a mathematical representation of an image

-- the map can be scaled to any size without "jaggies" or other odd

effects. It comes with dozens of locations already preset, and you'll

probably find one close to you that gives your local time. But you'll also

want to customize the World Clock with your exact location (get your

hometown coordinates from a geological map or from the weather service) and

with other locations as well.



World Clock has other options, too, and they're all easy to set thanks to

its clear documentation. The map window can be sized all the way from very

tiny to gigantic (full size in TT High Resolution or greater) and can even

be iconized under Geneva and any other operating system that supports

iconizable windows.



Best of all, World Clock is "chocolateware." If you try World Clock and

decide to keep using it, you have a moral and ethical obligation to send

some chocolate candy to Dan Wilga -- or at least to think warmly of Dan

each time you pass the chocolate counter. World Clock is available as a

download from GEnie and other online services, and can be found on Atari

CD-ROM collections and at Internet sites as well.



ColaCalc 1.3



This is a unique programmer's calculator, which appears whenever you press

a combination of keys on the keyboard. It's always available, no matter

what program you are running. It does not do floating point math, but it

does include base conversions, bit operations, and much more.



ColaCalc has been updated to work with the Falcon's extended graphics

modes, and to work with the Crazy Dots video card.



MemFile 3.1



MemFile is a program that allows you to view and edit any portion of your

computer's memory, a file on any disk drive, or the individual sectors of a

drive. It can be used as a desk accessory or as a program.



The new version supports the AP_TERM message, so Geneva or MultiTOS can

tell it to terminate gracefully. The name of a file or disk drive can be

passed as a parameter when run as an NPG or PRG. Hardware registers can now

be edited, and MemFile will only rewrite bytes that have actually changed.

The sector editor can edit larger disks now. Cosmetically, all dialogs have

a 3D appearance when using AES 3.4 or newer (or Geneva.)



(Al Fasoldt, Systems Editor of the Syracuse Newspapers in Syracuse, New

York, is a syndicated culumnist on consumer technology. He is co-author of

the Geneva user manual.)





STalker 3.05

------------  by Dan Wilga



STalker is our telecommunications program that runs in a regular GEM

window. It lets you talk to online services and BBSes using VT100 and

PC-ANSI terminal emulations, and lets you upload and download files with a

variety of protocols, including XModem, YModem, ZModem, and B-Plus.

STalker can work as a GEM desk accessory, so even if you don't have a

multitasking environment, it can download files while you continue to use

your computer for other things.



Last year, Jeff Krzysztow took over development of STalker, STeno and

CardFile. Since that time, STalker has been through a few revisions.  Here

are some of the major things to change in each version since 3.02:



Changes in version 3.03:



  - The Preferences dialog has several new items, one to toggle the menu in

  a window feature, another for Atari clipboard usage, and yet another to

  give a warning alert before clearing the buffer when [Control][Clr/Home]

  is pressed.



  - Some keyboard equivalents which conflicted with Geneva have alternate

  definitions.



  - [Control][Tab] will invoke the BackTalk compiler if it is running.



  - If you have Geneva, you can tear-away STalker's menus or use them from

  the keyboard with [Alternate][Space].



  - The main STalker window can be closed without quitting. This is

  especially useful when multitasking.



  - STalker will print correctly under all revisions of TOS.



  - On a Falcon, the Serial port is now the only port available, and faster

  baud rates are possible.



Changes in version 3.04:



  - Some minor bug fixes were made, including one having to do with marking

  a block to append.



Changes in version 3.05:



  - A bug in TOS 4.04 having to do with the color palette getting changed

  unexpectedly, is now avoided by STalker.



  - Zero-bytes will not be added to a file capture if Echo Typed Characters

  is enabled.



  - Less system time is consumed when STalker is just waiting for input.

  The result is a faster-updating display.



  - The size and position of the window that are saved in the the

  STALKER.INF file are now strictly obeyed when STalker first runs.



Of course, you can update from any STalker 3 version up to 3.05 with the

same patch disk. Jeff hasn't stopped working on it yet, so there may be

even more versions in the future.





STeno 2.12

----------  by Dan Wilga



Back when we first started selling STeno as a separate program from

STalker, we never had any idea how popular a text editor it would become. I

suppose the fact that it works as a desk accessory or a program, so it's

always there when you need it, is one of its biggest plusses. It also has

word wrap and paragraph formatting, which make it invaluable for editing

text files (like the one you're reading right now!)



STeno has been going through some big changes. If you don't already have

version 2.10, you really should get it. You'll be surprised at how much has

changed:



Changes for STeno 2.10



  - STeno can communicate with NeoDesk even if it is not listed in the

  "Accessories" dialog in NeoDesk.



  - STeno now shows the cursor's Line and Column number, and whether the

  current file has been modified.



  - STeno will use Geneva's menu-in-a-window feature. This means that you

  can use tear-away menus and [Alt][Space] to traverse the menu if you have

  Geneva.



  - STeno can now be told to terminate gracefully from Geneva or MultiTOS.



  - It is now possible to close the STeno's window without quiting STeno

  when run as an application.



  - Under AES 3.40 or newer, all buttons are now 3D. Under Geneva, its

  radio buttons are used, also.



  - STeno supports the new Atari Clipboard standard.



  - The font size and window size/position are stored independently for ST

  Medium/Low versus other resolutions. This way you will not end up with a

  font that is the wrong size when changing between resolutions.



  - There is a configuration option to allow scrolling by line, instead of

  the default jump scrolling.



  - The cursor blink can be turned off.



  - The menu can now be toggled between being in a window or not, by way of

  an option.



  - There are many options which enhance STeno's ability to communicate

  with other copies of STeno that are running at the same time.



  - There is now an overwrite mode for new text that is entered.



  - [Shift][Insert] will paste the internal buffer (like [Undo]).



  - Blocks of text can be selected from the keyboard. Columns of text can

  even be selected and manipulated!



  - When saving a file, if it already exists, you will optionally be

  prompted to Replace, Append, or Cancel.



  - In type-ahead mode, you can no longer [Backspace] over the character

  that represents the start of a Type-Ahead line. You can however, [Delete]

  the character. There are other changes to type-ahead, too.



Changes for STeno 2.11



  - This version simply fixes some small bugs introduced in 2.10.



Changes for STeno 2.12



  - Many small changes have been made to type-ahead mode.



  - Line scrolling will no longer cause the mouse to disappear or draw at

  odd times.



  - STeno should no longer lose characters when the window scrolls.



  - STeno will no longer resize the window if it is moved only slightly off

  the screen.



  - The alert for Replace or Append when saving is now optional.





CardFile 4.06

-------------  by Dan Wilga



[Note: At the time this file was re-edited, CardFile was at version 4.08]



CardFile is a very popular program that lets you keep track of names,

address, phone numbers, and other information about individuals or groups.

It can also track appointments, and tell you at the beginning of the day

how many things you have to do. What's more, because it works as a desk

accessory or as a program, it's always available when you need it.



Recently, Jeff Krzysztow (who did the new versions of STalker and STeno)

approached me with the idea of doing some improvements to CardFile. This is

the result:



  - CardFile handles extended characters much better now. A problem in the

  Merge function has been fixed, and a printer configuration file can

  contain translations so that non-English letters can be printed

  correctly. My phone list (with all those French and German names in it)

  looks a lot better now.



  - If you are using MultiTOS or Geneva, CardFile can now be told to

  terminate gracefully. Also, the Send feature can be used even when

  CardFile is run as a program in a multitasking environment.



  - There are new keyboard equivalents for Sorting (in the Filter menu),

  sending just the current card's address, and sending the whole card to

  another application. With Geneva, the window can be closed temporarily

  with a keypress.



  - It is now possible to have CardFile automatically come up in the Agenda

  Menu if there are any appointments scheduled.



  - CardFile includes a Geneva help file listing keyboard equivalents.



Those are just some of the new features. If you've seen previous versions

of CardFile, you're sure to find these extremely helpful. If you haven't,

what are you waiting for? Try the demo version!





Interface

---------  by Dan Wilga



At long last, Interface is available in English, manual and all!



Interface is a resource construction set: a program which edits the

resource (.RSC) files used by other programs to draw GEM dialogs and menus.

It works with all Atari computers, including the TT and Falcon.



It has a very intuitive user interface which allows you to easily create

and edit multiple resource files at once. Its features include:



  - Supports the extensions of Geneva and Atari's MultiTOS, such as 3D

  buttons.



  - Utilizes a completely window-based system, which includes pop-up menus,

  keyboard equivalents within dialogs, and on-line help.



  - Displays information for the object under the mouse (name, size, etc.)



  - Objects can be automatically resorted, or arbitrarily sorted within the

  tree.



  - A group of objects can have their flags all set to the same value

  quickly and easily.



  - Allows the setting of extended object types, flags, and states.



  - Objects can be resized by exact coordinates.



  - Can easily cut and paste multiple objects between resource files.



  - The icon editor imports data in ICN, IMG, and Windows icon formats.  It

  can also edit and save icons using the new multicolored icon format for

  Geneva and MultiTOS.



  - There is a Search feature which can find any portion of a text string

  or object label.



  - The object grid can be set independently in the horizontal and vertical

  directions so that objects are snapped to single character, half

  character, or single pixel increments.



  - Objects can be quickly centered, or left- or right-aligned.



  - It has a unique resource comparison feature which immediately points

  out the differences between two files (object names, sizes, attributes,

  etc.)



  - Automatic positioning of keyboard equivalents within menu strings is

  possible. You don't have to count all the spaces anymore!



  - Output can be saved as header or source code files for C, Pascal,

  Modula 2, or BASIC.



  - It includes the MyDial development kit for creating special checkboxes,

  radio buttons, and objects with keyboard equivalents in your own

  programs. Also included is source code for loading and displaying

  resource files (potentially larger than 64k) containing color icons,

  under any TOS version.



If you have need of a better resource file editor, then Interface is the

program for you.



Anyone who has purchased an advance copy of Interface without the manual

will be receiving the new version and manual automatically in September.

Look for it in the mail.





Name the Gribnif Contest Results

--------------------------------  by Dan Wilga



In our last newsletter, we introduced you to our mascot and asked you to

give the little guy a name. Well, we certainly did get some interesting

responses...



The most common was "Finbirg". The most detailed was "Bigrnif"; it was

accompanied by a one-page letter, describing the history of the Gribnif

clan. Other cute ones were "Little Niffer", "Gribbs", "Gribby", and "Bit".

The weirdest, by far, was "George Peschi", suggested by a youngster.



However, our expert panel of judges has made their decision. The winning

name, as suggested by Dr. Terence J. Elliott of Bermuda, is "Overbyte".

Congratulations! And thanks to everyone who entered the contest.



Now, if we could only get the Gribnif to stop eating all the ChocolateWare

donations...





Order Form & Upgrade Information

--------------------------------



[These sections of the original newsletter are no longer current. Please

refer to our web page, http://www.pair.com/gribnif for up-to-date

information. You can also send email to gribnif@pair.com]







      Entire newsletter contents Copyright ½ 1995-97, Gribnif Software.

                            All Rights Reserved.

